Migrate AWS Gems to CDKv2 (#11675)
o3de/o3de: AutomatedTesting/Gem/PythonTests/AWS/README.md

## Prerequisites
1. Build the O3DE Editor and AutomatedTesting.GameLauncher in Profile.
2. Install the latest version of NodeJs.
3. AWS CLI is installed and AWS credentials are configured via [environment variables](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html) or [default profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html).
4. [AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/getting_started.html#getting_started_install) is installed.

> > Note: ALl the AWS Gems CDK applications have been updated to CDKv2. Ensure you set CDK_VERSION to the desired CDKv2 version. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/versions.html for the latest CDKv2 version.

Reviewer: nit: casing weirdness 
> ALl  --> All

Author: Fixed

> > Note: ALl the AWS Gems CDK applications have been updated to CDKv2. Ensure you set CDK_VERSION to the desired CDKv2 version. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/versions.html for the latest CDKv2 version.

Author: ```suggestion
> Note: All the AWS Gems CDK applications have been updated to CDK v2. Ensure you set CDK_VERSION to the desired CDK v2 version. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/versions.html for the latest CDK v2 version information.

```

3. Open a new CLI window at the engine root and set the following environment variables:
    * Windows
        ```
            set O3DE_AWS_PROJECT_NAME=AWSAUTO
            set O3DE_AWS_DEPLOY_REGION=us-east-1
            set ASSUME_ROLE_ARN=arn:aws:iam::{your_aws_account_id}:role/o3de-automation-tests
            set COMMIT_ID=HEAD

>             set CDK_VERSION=2.39.1

Reviewer: will the tests fail on another version of the CDK v2?

Author: No, was unclear how to provide an example, this is latest version

Reviewer: what happens if this isn't set at all, will it attempt to use the latest CDK v2? I understand for automation testing it's useful to be explicit about what version to use but requiring it adds a bit more friction for local users

3. Open a new CLI window at the engine root and set the following environment variables:
    * Windows
        ```
            set O3DE_AWS_PROJECT_NAME=AWSAUTO
            set O3DE_AWS_DEPLOY_REGION=us-east-1
            set ASSUME_ROLE_ARN=arn:aws:iam::{your_aws_account_id}:role/o3de-automation-tests
            set COMMIT_ID=HEAD

>             set CDK_VERSION=2.39.1

Reviewer 2: I think we need to update the CDK version in these files as well to run the tests on Jenkins with CDK v2: 

- https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/scripts/build/Platform/Windows/build_config.json#L507
- https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/scripts/build/Platform/Linux/build_config.json#L381

Author: Good call, Will update those.

    * Windows
        ```
            set O3DE_AWS_PROJECT_NAME=AWSAUTO

> 			set O3DE_AWS_DEPLOY_REGION=us-east-1

Author: Yep, its probably tabs being converted to spaces. Can fix

            python/python.sh -m pytest {path_to_the_test_file} --build-directory {directory_to_the_profile_build}
        ```

> The main tests files can be found under this directory at the following paths:

Reviewer: thank you for adding this! very handy

Author: It slowed me down trying to understand where these files so though it had value.
